##### this project has no any production url

<br>

##### in the workflows folder you could see some url that refer to AWS, but all of them are a concept.

<br>

##### by default your project will store in the bucket in the aws but if you do a request from client to get files from aws (bucket), instead of reaching to the bucket your request will get through into something called cloudfront. if you change your index.html file or js files bucket will be updated automatlly but your cloudfront does not be updated by every changes in your project (becuase everytime you will do a change into your project webpack will create new js file and then it will put the new file into your html file as scritp file). your could do manually in the aws or adding a step in the yml file. see the step after storing dist file in the aws. in this step we also will update our cloudfront everytime you make a change in your project.

<br>

##### **AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID**, **AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY**, **AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME**, **AWS_DISTRIBUTION_ID** all of these keys generated by github in the secret section in the setting.. all values you could get from host service websites like amazon, heroku and so on.

<br>

##### notic that your path in the host could be in the container/latest by your url that you'r setting in your container.yml file **aws s3 sync dist s3://${{ secrets.AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME }}/container/latest**. make sure in the webpack.prod.js file put your publicPath to get access to your file from this url. becuase all your dist files are avalible in this path. eventually the url is something like this: **https://f42309sf90sdf.couldfront.net/container/latest/main.foisdf8972354.js**

<br>
